com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/targeting/predicate/PrimeBenefitTargetingPredicateTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.targeting.predicate.PrimeBenefitTargetingPredicateTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/model/AdvertisementContentTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.model.AdvertisementContentTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/dao/CustomerSpendDaoTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.dao.CustomerSpendDaoTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/dao/ContentDaoTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.dao.ContentDaoTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/model/translator/TargetingPredicateTranslatorTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.model.translator.TargetingPredicateTranslatorTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/dao/CustomerProfileDaoTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.dao.CustomerProfileDaoTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/targeting/predicate/AgeTargetingPredicateTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.targeting.predicate.AgeTargetingPredicateTest
com/tct/helper/TestConstants.java
 com.tct.helper.TestConstants
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/targeting/predicate/CategorySpendFrequencyTargetingPredicateTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.targeting.predicate.CategorySpendFrequencyTargetingPredicateTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/targeting/predicate/RecognizedTargetingPredicateTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.targeting.predicate.RecognizedTargetingPredicateTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/dao/PrimeDaoTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.dao.PrimeDaoTest
com/tct/introspection/MT1IntrospectionTests.java
 com.tct.introspection.MT1IntrospectionTests
com/tct/introspection/MT2IntrospectionTests.java
 com.tct.introspection.MT2IntrospectionTests
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/targeting/ComparisonTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.targeting.ComparisonTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/targeting/predicate/CategorySpendValueTargetingPredicateTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.targeting.predicate.CategorySpendValueTargetingPredicateTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/model/translator/AdvertisementContentTranslatorTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.model.translator.AdvertisementContentTranslatorTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/targeting/predicate/ParentPredicateTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.targeting.predicate.ParentPredicateTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/model/translator/AdvertisementTranslatorTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.model.translator.AdvertisementTranslatorTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/model/translator/TargetingGroupTranslatorTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.model.translator.TargetingGroupTranslatorTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/dependency/TargetingPredicateInjectorTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.dependency.TargetingPredicateInjectorTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/activity/CreateContentActivityTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.activity.CreateContentActivityTest
com/tct/mastery/task3/part2/MasteryTaskThreeTests.java
 com.tct.mastery.task3.part2.MasteryTaskThreeTests
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/targeting/TargetingEvaluatorTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.targeting.TargetingEvaluatorTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/activity/AddTargetingGroupActivityTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.activity.AddTargetingGroupActivityTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/businesslogic/AdvertisementSelectionLogicTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.businesslogic.AdvertisementSelectionLogicTest
com/tct/mastery/task2/GenerateAdvertisementRegressionTest.java
 com.tct.mastery.task2.GenerateAdvertisementRegressionTest
com/tct/mastery/task1/MasteryTaskOneLogicTests.java
 com.tct.mastery.task1.MasteryTaskOneLogicTests
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/dao/TargetingGroupDaoTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.dao.TargetingGroupDaoTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/targeting/predicate/TargetingPredicateTypeConverterTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.targeting.predicate.TargetingPredicateTypeConverterTest
com/tct/mastery/task2/MasteryTaskTwoTests.java
 com.tct.mastery.task2.MasteryTaskTwoTests
com/tct/mastery/task3/part1/MasteryTaskThreeTests.java
 com.tct.mastery.task3.part1.MasteryTaskThreeTests
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/activity/DeleteContentActivityTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.activity.DeleteContentActivityTest
com/tct/mastery/task3/MasteryTaskThreeHelper.java
 com.tct.mastery.task3.MasteryTaskThreeHelper
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/activity/UpdateContentActivityTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.activity.UpdateContentActivityTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/activity/GenerateAdActivityTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.activity.GenerateAdActivityTest
com/amazon/ata/advertising/service/activity/UpdateClickThroughRateActivityTest.java
 com.amazon.ata.advertising.service.activity.UpdateClickThroughRateActivityTest
